Add Migration doc update for Boolean Attribute type setting (#3094)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/migrate/what-has-changed.md

[scim2]
remove_duplicate_users_in_users_response = true 
```

> #### Change In Data Type for Boolean Attributes from the Schemas Endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Data type change for boolean attributes from the Schemas endpoint
```

``` js
[hazelcast]
hazelcast.logging.type = log4j2
```
### Change In Data Type for Boolean Attributes From Schemas Endpoint

> `scim2/Schemas` endpoint now returns the attribute type of boolean attributes as `boolean`. Before this fix, the attribute type was returned as `string`.

Reviewer 2: Lets not use the word 'fix' in docs. Better to use `change` or `update` instead.

Reviewer 2: `Before this fix` -> `In previous versions of the Identity Server`

> `scim2/Schemas` endpoint now returns the attribute type of boolean attributes as `boolean`. Before this fix, the attribute type was returned as `string`.

Reviewer: Let's stick to the same format that we have been using. (i.e., first, we mention the previous version, and then the update)
```suggestion
In previous versions of WSO2 Identity Server, the `scim2/Schemas` endpoint returned the attribute type of boolean attributes as `string`. 

In Identity Server 6.0.0, the attribute type returned for boolean attributes of the `scim2/Schemas` endpoint is `boolean`.
```
